fix(msgpack): Recursion limit (#6212)
getsentry/sentry-relay: CHANGELOG.md

- Accept a `charset=utf-8` parameters on JSON and XML content types. ([#6184](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/6184))
- Support PEM file format for signing / verification keys. ([#6155](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/6155))
- GA the `upload-endpoint` feature. ([#6171](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/6171))

**Bug Fixes**:

> - Bound the recursion depth when deserializing MessagePack payloads (attachments, replay videos, event ids) to prevent stack overflows from maliciously nested input. ([#XXXX](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/XXXX))

Author: ```suggestion
- Bound the recursion depth when deserializing MessagePack payloads to prevent stack overflows. ([#6212](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/6212))
```
